Update New-SmbMapping.md - add UseWriteThrough option (#2066)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/smbshare/New-SmbMapping.md

```
New-SmbMapping [[-LocalPath] <String>] [[-RemotePath] <String>] [-UserName <String>] [-Password <String>]
 [-Persistent <Boolean>] [-SaveCredentials] [-HomeFolder] [-CimSession <CimSession[]>] [-ThrottleLimit <Int32>]

>  [-AsJob] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>] [-UseWriteThrough <Boolean>]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [-UseWriteThrough <Boolean>] [-AsJob] [-WhatIf] [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -UseWriteThrough

> This features was added in Windows Server 2019 and Windows 10 version 1809.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature was added in Windows Server 2019 and Windows 10 version 1809.
```

> [UseWriteThrough ensures that writes are completed prior to the write operation returning as completed](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/storage/file-server/file-server-smb-overview).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This parameter ensures that writes are completed prior to the write operation returning as completed, for more information, see [Features added in Windows Server 2019 and Windows 10, version 1809](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/storage/file-server/file-server-smb-overview#features-added-in-windows-server-2019-and-windows-10-version-1809).
```

Reviewer 3: @sferrell615

The PR is good to go once the suggested changes have been implemented. Thank you for your patience with the process.

> [UseWriteThrough ensures that writes are completed prior to the write operation returning as completed](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/storage/file-server/file-server-smb-overview).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This parameter ensures that writes are completed prior to the write operation returning as completed. For more information, see [Features added in Windows Server 2019 and Windows 10, version 1809](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/storage/file-server/file-server-smb-overview#features-added-in-windows-server-2019-and-windows-10-version-1809).
```

Reviewer 4: Small edit to @get-itips's suggestion.
